FIX_SCHEMA_MISMATCH.md, before:

# Fix: Database Schema Mismatch (P2022 Error)

## The Problem

You're seeing this error:
```
The column `Business.source` does not exist in the current database.
Error code: P2022
```

This means your database tables don't match your Prisma schema. The database is missing columns (or entire tables).

## Solution: Create and Run Migrations

### Step 1: Get Your Database Connection String

1. Go to **Netlify Dashboard** → Your Site → **Environment variables**
2. Find `NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL` and copy its value
3. It should look like: `postgresql://user:password@host/database?sslmode=require`

### Step 2: Set Environment Variable and Create Initial Migration

**On Windows (PowerShell):**
```powershell
# Set the environment variable
$env:NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL="paste-your-connection-string-here"

# Verify it's set
echo $env:NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL

# Create the initial migration (this will create migration files)
npm run prisma:migrate

# This will prompt you to name the migration - use: "init" or "initial"
```

**On Mac/Linux:**
```bash
# Set the environment variable
export NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL="paste-your-connection-string-here"

# Verify it's set
echo $NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL

# Create the initial migration (this will create migration files)
npm run prisma:migrate

# This will prompt you to name the migration - use: "init" or "initial"
```

### Step 3: Apply Migrations to Database

After creating the migration files, apply them:

```bash
# Apply migrations to your database
npm run prisma:migrate:deploy
```

### Step 4: Seed the Database

```bash
# Seed the database (creates admin user and sample data)
npm run prisma:seed
```

### Step 5: Verify

1. Go to your **Neon Dashboard**
2. Open your database project
3. Check the **Tables** section
4. You should see these tables with all columns:
   - `Category` (id, name, description, icon, createdAt, updatedAt)
   - `Business` (id, name, description, address, city, state, zip, phone, email, website, categoryId, latitude, longitude, logo, images, **source**, createdAt, updatedAt)
   - `Review` (id, businessId, userId, userName, rating, comment, createdAt, updatedAt)
   - `User` (id, username, email, password, role, createdAt, updatedAt)
   - `ContactSubmission` (id, businessId, name, email, phone, message, createdAt)

## Alternative: Quick Fix with db push

If you just want to sync the schema quickly without creating migration files:

```bash
# Set environment variable (see Step 1)
$env:NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL="your-connection-string"  # Windows PowerShell
# or
export NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL="your-connection-string"  # Mac/Linux

# Push schema directly to database (no migration files)
npx prisma db push

# Seed the database
npm run prisma:seed
```

**Note:** `db push` is good for development but for production you should use migrations.

## After Fixing

Once migrations are complete:
1. All tables will be created with the correct columns
2. The `source` column will exist in the `Business` table
3. Your site should work without the P2022 error
4. Test by visiting: `https://joconcbusdir.netlify.app`

## Still Getting Errors?

1. **Check Netlify function logs:**
   - Netlify Dashboard → Your Site → Functions → `businesses` → Logs
   - Look for any new error messages

2. **Verify connection string:**
   - Make sure it includes `?sslmode=require` at the end
   - No extra spaces or quotes
   - Full connection string is copied correctly

3. **Check database status:**
   - Make sure your Neon database is running (not paused)
   - Verify you can connect to it from your local machine

Commit message:

Enhance database reset instructions and improve error handling in scraping functions. Add a reset script to package.json for easier database management. Update timeout handling and user feedback in the scraping process to prevent function timeouts and provide clearer guidance on processing URLs in batches.

FIX_SCHEMA_MISMATCH.md, after:

# Fix: Database Schema Mismatch (P2022 Error)

## The Problem

You're seeing this error:
```
The column `Business.source` does not exist in the current database.
Error code: P2022
```

This means your database tables don't match your Prisma schema. The database is missing columns (or entire tables).

## Quick Solution: Use the Reset Script (Recommended)

The easiest way to fix this is to use the provided reset script:

**On Windows (PowerShell):**
```powershell
# Set the environment variable
$env:NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL="paste-your-connection-string-here"

# Run the reset script
npm run db:reset
```

**On Mac/Linux:**
```bash
# Set the environment variable
export NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL="paste-your-connection-string-here"

# Run the reset script
npm run db:reset
```

This script will:
1. ✅ Drop all existing tables
2. ✅ Recreate tables using Prisma schema
3. ✅ Seed the database with initial data
4. ✅ List all created tables

## Manual Solution: Create and Run Migrations

### Step 1: Get Your Database Connection String

1. Go to **Netlify Dashboard** → Your Site → **Environment variables**
2. Find `NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL` and copy its value
3. It should look like: `postgresql://user:password@host/database?sslmode=require`

### Step 2: Set Environment Variable and Create Initial Migration

**On Windows (PowerShell):**
```powershell
# Set the environment variable
$env:NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL="paste-your-connection-string-here"

# Verify it's set
echo $env:NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL

# Create the initial migration (this will create migration files)
npm run prisma:migrate

# This will prompt you to name the migration - use: "init" or "initial"
```

**On Mac/Linux:**
```bash
# Set the environment variable
export NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL="paste-your-connection-string-here"

# Verify it's set
echo $NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL

# Create the initial migration (this will create migration files)
npm run prisma:migrate

# This will prompt you to name the migration - use: "init" or "initial"
```

### Step 3: Apply Migrations to Database

After creating the migration files, apply them:

```bash
# Apply migrations to your database
npm run prisma:migrate:deploy
```

### Step 4: Seed the Database

```bash
# Seed the database (creates admin user and sample data)
npm run prisma:seed
```

### Step 5: Verify

1. Go to your **Neon Dashboard**
2. Open your database project
3. Check the **Tables** section
4. You should see these tables with all columns:
   - `Category` (id, name, description, icon, createdAt, updatedAt)
   - `Business` (id, name, description, address, city, state, zip, phone, email, website, categoryId, latitude, longitude, logo, images, **source**, createdAt, updatedAt)
   - `Review` (id, businessId, userId, userName, rating, comment, createdAt, updatedAt)
   - `User` (id, username, email, password, role, createdAt, updatedAt)
   - `ContactSubmission` (id, businessId, name, email, phone, message, createdAt)

## Alternative: Quick Fix with db push

If you just want to sync the schema quickly without creating migration files:

```bash
# Set environment variable (see Step 1)
$env:NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL="your-connection-string"  # Windows PowerShell
# or
export NETLIFY_DATABASE_URL="your-connection-string"  # Mac/Linux

# Push schema directly to database (no migration files)
npx prisma db push

# Seed the database
npm run prisma:seed
```

**Note:** `db push` is good for development but for production you should use migrations.

## After Fixing

Once migrations are complete:
1. All tables will be created with the correct columns
2. The `source` column will exist in the `Business` table
3. Your site should work without the P2022 error
4. Test by visiting: `https://joconcbusdir.netlify.app`

## Still Getting Errors?

1. **Check Netlify function logs:**
   - Netlify Dashboard → Your Site → Functions → `businesses` → Logs
   - Look for any new error messages

2. **Verify connection string:**
   - Make sure it includes `?sslmode=require` at the end
   - No extra spaces or quotes
   - Full connection string is copied correctly

3. **Check database status:**
   - Make sure your Neon database is running (not paused)
   - Verify you can connect to it from your local machine
